Thank you again everyone. Thank you very much. Thank you. We continue again. We are going to talk
about the teachings of all the six Paramatas.
In particularly, we are going to discuss the sixth Paramatam. That is what we are going to discuss.
The sixth is the Prajnaaramatam.
The Prajnaaramatam, in debate, is known as Hiratya Paravdha Shambha. Hiratya Paravdha Shambha, or
the transcendental wisdom, is the principal, or the eye of all the six, five Paramatas.
And so, it is so important, and so special. And when we have the understanding of the transcend
ental Paramatam, or what is the Paramatam, then it really makes all the Paramatas are perfect, it
will lead to the exhality, to the enlightenment, or to the path that we are going to advance in
them.
Again, to observe and to reflect on this teaching, again, we are going to re-stain our motivations,
or the attitude, the motivation of the joy and appreciations, being great souls.
This is also not just, as I said, quite a few times, not just once in a while, we reflect that.
Whenever you can reflect and thank this attitude or this motivation, as much as even in the United
Day time, it is the essential, very powerful practices, we are touching to the goal of our own true
nature and the nature of the mind.
At the same time, with that joy and appreciation, being grateful, and then bodhicjata. And bodhicj
ata is the essential practices of the all, entirely generally Buddhism, particularly Mahayana
Buddhism.
Bodhicjata makes it, but then it becomes known as Mahayana, as one of all the great masters in the
teaching, mention that again and again, bodhicjata is essential.
And bodhicjata, again, simplifies to make that, what it means, bodhicjata creates compassion and
with emptiness realization, or union of the compassion and emptiness, that is really bodhicjata.
And that, if we have that in our mind and heart, then surely we are going to the Buddha's goal, to
the path of enlightenment.
So therefore, again, we activate that, this is our really, the heart practices, our goal, our
destination, and so with that.
And then along with that, combined with bodhicjata, then purely understanding.
Again, those are all those three different kind of things, one after another, but reality, all is
the same, there is no difference.
When you have to perfect the bodhicjata, then it becomes the mandala of the loving, kind, and the
compassion.
Loving, kind, and the compassion, wisdom, that is really the mandala.
That mandala is the deity, that is the Buddha.
Love, compassion, and great emptiness of the wisdom, that is divine mandala.
That is the mandala, that is the three major status.
So it is just another perspective, another understanding, to explore, glorify our innate nature and
realization.
So again, and this is again a very powerful practice of the Skilpumains and Vaidyana teachings,
three major status.
Again, we activate those.
With those thought, and now we go to the Pandya Paramata.
Pandya Paramata is essential practices, as I said so many times, and you know, every teaching is
measured.
This is really the essential practices.
And the Pandya Paramata is now, when we play, when more can relate, to treat, targeted, and to
highlight of the wind at a practical level,
then Pandya Paramata is divided into three sections, as we went yesterday.
And those are the studying, contemplating, and practicing, or the meditation, meditation.
And I'm using those two practices, too, terminology, any of them, but practice or the meditation,
it's the same, and that.
So among that three, this is three, ladies, wisdoms.
But that wisdom, how we gain that wisdom, that wisdom gains.
Suppose we have to study, that is a study.
By studying, knowing the meaning, old meaning, and the meaning of the teaching, or whatever you
study, that is wisdom of a study.
Then after you understood the meaning, and old meaning, and it is a meaning, then you begin to also
now contemplate on that.
Analyzing, and kind of expanding knowledge.
With it, again, from the teachings, from the Masters, or from the book, or from your friends, or
whatever.
Expanding the knowledge, so Sangha members, expanding the knowledge, something that we got really
tangible knowledge in our heart, in mind, or in brain.
That is known as the wisdom of contemplation.
And so that is the really wisdom of contemplation.
As you understood of the wisdom that comes by contemplating, and through also studying and
listening, now you begin to read practices.
Practicing is knowing how you are really doing this, not just keeping that intellectual knowledge,
but you are going to absorb that teaching into the heart and make yourself rely on that.
Not just intellectually and theoretically, but bring that understanding, bring that realization,
verbally in our mind or our wisdom status.
That is known as the wisdom that comes from meditation.
So this is one after another, it is all connected.
Now since wisdom is so important, and wisdom that also means, as I said earlier, and you all know,
knowing exactly the way things are.
Exactly the way things are.
That is nothing higher state, nothing lower status, or deprecated, or lower, or underestimated, or
overestimated.
Simply direct as it is.
So that means to understand the whole knowledge.
The whole knowledge we are trying to brain understand, if you can, or if you can.
In order to be there, in the Buddha teaching, it is always for the praise of the true truth.
You all know, we all do so many times, true truths.
True truth is what we are going to brain understand through the wisdom, through the studying,
through the contemplating, through the meditation and the practices.
That is related to truth.
So true truth is what we are going to understand.
True truth encompasses both samsara and nirvana. Everything is within true truth.
For those reasons, in the J.K. also open mission, Nagarjana said, all the entire Buddha teaching
can be summarized into truth.
Which is, to truth are relative truth and absolute truth.
So now, that means we are trying to really know exactly what is relative truth, what is absolute
truth.
That is really the knowledge.
How are we going to know that?
That is we are studying, contemplating, and meditating, and practicing.
Explore the meaning as it is.
That is true truth.
Now, true truth, of course, you all know, we all heard, at least the name we heard so many times.
So true truths are, in it a bit, kundru kyendemba and tondam kyendemba.
That is true truth.
In English translated, I think many times, I saw, in Arabic, is relative truth and absolute truth.
So that is true truth.
Now, this true truth has many different ways of interpreting of all the different Buddhist schools,
or sometimes called doctorates. What are those? Sathya said, vibhishkas, suvintikas, mind-only
schools,
and mademaka schools.
Those are different way, independent, slightly different.
All these Buddhists, all these, like the Buddha, all over the Buddha, take it, but slightly
different explaining.
And I'm not going to go all those different kind of areas of the different school,
and just go directly to the one in the mademaka school, how they are explaining of the truth.
Which is, among the old way of true truth, the division layout is considering that is the more best
and direct to that.
Of course, each school of those different schools, also there is point, is exactly where things are
.
Ah, that's it. There is nothing really much big contradicting to that.
But according to all the great masters in the Tibetan Buddhism,
I imagine the mademaka way of establishing and discovering and pointing out true truth is the best.
That is more relevant.
So now we go over to truth, really, of that.
So that means the world.
Now we start at the true truth, and contemplate on the true truth, and meditate on the true truth.
Then we do that, then we delete it, and then combine with all the other parameters,
such as all the five parameters.
If we combine with it, then it really leads us to the enlightenment, to the Buddha book.
It will dispel the old obscurations, negativities, and discover our inner natures.
So that is what really purpose, or that is what is.
Why we not get enlightenment, or why we are not Buddha town?
Why? Because of obscurations.
This obscuration is not according to teaching.
It is not permanent.
It is temporary.
And so even though it is temporary, you have to remove.
You have to claim it.
It was not an ordinary time.
It came.
How that came?
It is, then, through the delusion of our mind.
It created that.
Then it came.
Now it looks like it appeared in solid.
Perhaps it is clean.
In order to do that, that is what needs this according to teaching.
Starting, contemplating, and meditating.
So that is generally understood.
Now we go over to the truth.
First is kundu-keh-demba.
In a Tibetan word, related to truth, which is in a Tibetan word, kundu-demba.
Tibetan word has three words.
Tibetan has three words.
In ancient times, those words emanated, the task letters,
translated from Sanskrit to the Tibetan language, kundis-vo.
In Sanskrit, I think, sambhirata, satyam.
Those are the teachings said.
That verb, in Tibetan, translated as kundu-keh-demba.
And so it has three words.
kund, zog, zog, and demba.
Demba.
And what is kund now?
Kund means all, everything.
Zog means what?
Artificial.
And not is true.
Like artificial.
Or hallucination, maybe I can't ask whether that.
But artificial.
Demba means truth.
So now how that comes?
All artificial truth.
If I use that verb,
I'm sure you know maybe better verbs in English,
but I'm at least translating that way now.
And you can tell yourself, if you get those things,
what is there known as in Buddhism?
Contemplating.
You're investigating, you're analyzing,
you're searching the accurate meaning of that.
So you can't do that.
So I'm not translating artificial.
All artificial.
Then it has truth.
Why is it truth?
It is truth to the illusion mind.
It is true for the illusions.
This illusion, all illusions are true for the illusion beings.
So that means, that also indicates indirectly
all the sentient beings are deluded.
When they're deluded, things are a bit, it's true.
That is, for example,
when you are intoxicated by the drugs.
Things are a bit, not really exist a bit,
but for that individual, it's true.
That appearance, or that feeling, whatever it is,
reality level, or we call it, or it's because of drugs,
or because of alcohols.
But even though it is, for that individual, it is really true.
Therefore, same way, this all illusion is true for the illusion beings.
In which sense it's true for the functioning.
We see, or we see, we talk about that, we function with that.
Therefore, it is called true.
Now this is the Buddha teaching.
Buddha teaching, when you are starting anyway, starting, or you can contemplate on that,
it's true or not.
That is known as the contemplative.
The regular teacher, Buddha Shakta Muni himself said,
"You don't have to believe what I said."
You investigate, investigate, analyze, put the analytical, examine that.
So, you can examine, but that is what is known as relative truth,
which is translated into English, relative.
Maybe the relative has that similar meaning, what I say, all illusions.
Relatives. Truth, that is truth.
Now, the second one is absolute truth.
In a Tibet, it translated again those emanation, great oscillators in the 8th century.
Tom dam tye dhemba.
In a Sanskrit, I heard it as prama aat satyas, prama aat.
In that week, translating into a Tibetan, Tom dam tye dhemba.
And what again there is three words, Tom, Tom, and dhemba.
Tom means again meaning, meaning, and Tom, Tom, D-O-N, Tom.
That's what they are, Tom.
And of course, it may be similar kind of accent, too.
Tom and dham, D-E-A-N, Tom dam, dhemba, D-E-N-P-A, dhemba.
So, Tom means meaning, and dham means the supreme, noble.
So, it means supreme meaning, supreme meaning, and dhemba means truth.
So, truth of supreme meaning, truth of supreme meaning, I'm translating that.
And we translate it into English, absolute truth, absolute truth.
So, maybe we can say, absolute noble truth.
According to Tibetan, maybe that's my interpretation.
Absolute noble truth.
Why is it called like a Tom or absolute noble truth?
Because there is nothing higher, nothing deeper, nothing direct, more to the true nature than this.
Therefore, it is supreme or noble.
This is simply the direct nature.
There's nothing more to explore than this.
There's nothing higher to go, deeper to go.
Oh, this is not something insignificant.
It's not something that enough.
Enough, if there is something more, no.
According to the teaching, that is, that's it.
There's nothing more to go.
And this is, when you go to the realization of this, you will gain the supreme meaning.
Supreme benefit, it really brings the perfect benefit.
For that reason, the supreme meaning, the ultimate meaning, ultimate goal.
Then why, what is called demba?
Because this truth never going to change.
It remains as it is.
For those reasons, what in the teaching said,
whether Buddha came to this world and gave the teaching of the Pandyavara Mother,
that's not going to improve the absolute meanings of great nature.
When Buddha did not come to this world and give not any teachings,
that will not decrease or decolify the nature.
Oh, whether we rely on this nature, it's not going to improve the nature.
Whether we don't recognize it, it's not going to devalue of the nature.
Nature remains as it is, all the time, according to the teaching.
So this is what is really known as absolute truths.
So this is the true truth that we are going to explore.
In order to get enlightenment, we have to understand of this true truth quite beautifully and
perfectly as it is.
So now, because of that, now what in the teaching said?
Now we will see this, all these relevant truths, all this illusion truth.
Where it is, why is it all illusions?
Because according to the teaching, they are not feminine, they are not solid,
they are not concrete existing, they are mainly displayed on the space.
How that comes?
That is according to the teaching, it comes from that great emptiness arising that
with interdependent ordination, interdependent ordination,
or with cause and condition, interdependence and originating things,
magically, or all these objects, magically arising.
Sense is come from the emptiness arising magically even though we are functioning well,
we are functioning, it is as magical.
It is nothing changed with naturals.
Therefore, a great teacher, Buddha Shatyamuni used examples such as dream,
mirage, reflection, moon in the vatals, and double image, all the optical illusions,
all those different examples used in order to ring the bell to our heart.
That is reality, that is relevant truth as it is.
But then, what is wrong for us?
But what we see, we don't see the way things are.
We don't see it as a dream, we don't see it as double image or optical illusions,
we don't see it as a mirage, we see solids, concrete exist,
and can't likewise solid.
That is what we see.
That seeing, according again to Buddhism, is delusions.
That seeing is delusion.
We deluded ourselves.
That is what is known as then, it comes to teaching on true egolessness.
We all heard egolessness.
Most of the course, egolessness, ego is, in teaching, always in Buddhism,
there is no egos, no eyes.
That's what we heard, that's what you also heard, and I heard you heard.
And then, in the second, and particularly in Mahayana, highly explaining,
phenomena egos, also is a phenomena egos.
So now, what is in Buddhism?
Ultimately, it is true egolessness.
Ego-nessness of self-egolessness and egolessness of the phenomena.
So that is really coded teaching in Buddhism.
It is true, not making up.
But now, when we heard this, I mean it's not just the posture of you heard.
I'm sure you've heard, you've been practicing Buddhism,
I'm sure you've heard many, many hundred times of this.
Those who have already heard, it's all starting.
All you heard, you learned, but you are going to contemplate on that.
It's true or not.
You are going to contemplate.
When you gain the knowledge, convey tangible knowledge
from the contemplate of the teaching of that,
that is known as the wisdom of the contemplations.
You gain the wisdom.
That wisdom is closer to the coded Buddhism.
It's true nature now.
If the intellectual is a theoretical theory,
but yet, it's close to the way the nature is.
So we're getting like almost twilight zone of the enlightenment.
From the darkness coming, without the dawn coming.
Even though it's not completely fully shined,
fully glorified and played bright,
but we are in the twilight zone,
a bigger understanding of that is kind of really true, as it is.
So that is known as contemplatives.
So now the first we think of these two egolessences.
The first is, after we think of these two ego,
and now what's called, in Tibet,
Chudya dha, Khaza dha.
Khaza dha is a self ego.
Individual ego, Khaza dha.
Chudya dha, I'm translating, phenomena egoless.
And this is also known as what?
I add to another word with that.
Chudya dhanji.
Khaza dha dhanji.
Chudya dhanji means clinging on the phenomena egos.
And second is, Khaza dha dhanji.
Clinging on the individual egos.
So this is now ego.
Ego.
According to the Buddha teaching and all the great masters,
the old troubles in the samsara
is because of this clinging of the ego.
And of all the vibing of enlightenment,
because of clinging on the phenomena,
ego clinging will not get enlightened.
Or in the teaching, somebody says,
when clinging to the self ego,
clinging to the self ego,
clinging on the self ego,
it is preventing our liberation.
Clinging to the knowledge or the phenomena ego,
clinging ego will prevent our omniscient of the Buddha Buddha.
That's what the teaching says.
Those are now really, in a way, what we're talking now is,
in a way, the heart philosophy or heart teaching of the Buddhism.
Buddhism.
The philosophy.
When you meditate, when you meditate,
we meditate the egolessness.
No, necessarily we think, oh, there's no ego,
and we're not thinking of the negational state of that.
That, but we really meditate, maintain on that,
that free from the egolessness states.
We don't have any reference points.
That means what?
I'm pointing that reference point means,
there's nothing reference point over the existing, non-existing,
neither, and either.
You know that terminology.
You heard it so many times.
I'm talking that.
You're relaxing that.
Clinging on the negation or the existing is clinging.
Thinking of the existing is clinging.
Thinking of this non-existing is clinging.
And thinking of the existing is clinging.
Neither, it is not just a kind of play game of the words.
W-O-R-D is not playing the word or syllabus.
It is highlighting, touching to the point,
the core, the king, core, the natures, nature.
Any clinging, any reference point have to be released
to where it comes from.
Where it comes from.
What that means?
To the great emptiness.
It arises from the great emptiness.
It's hovering in the great emptiness.
Or if I use the clear, precise word,
it comes from the clear emptiness mind.
It's hovering in the emptiness mind
or the space of the emptiness.
Let it go back to the emptiness space of the mind.
What do you hope?
That's what I read in the teaching said.
So therefore, this clinging is fundamental obstacles
to get enlightenment or to get liberation.
What that means is liberation, I'm using.
And what is the teaching said?
Nirvana is the liberation status.
So that means to have to remove,
in order to reach the arahata hope,
according to the Shravakayana,
you have to release the ego clinging.
You have to remove.
Your clear way, where to remove?
Again, to the emptiness.
Remove.
There is no hold.
Anything to hold.
So that is really, again, a point.
So now what I'm talking about,
this is what we're going to, as we learn,
or as we learn, we're going to contemplate.
Contrapletting is the way to explore deep meaning,
not just only Buddha said, Narajana said,
the great master, Mohan Bhajan Bhajan Bhajan,
said, you know, this and that thing,
that we are also great master, Shraddhara said,
we're really putting our own intelligence.
That means we are also sharpening up our own intelligence,
our wisdom, our knowledge.
Knowledge is what we need for you.
When we do the meditation, we need to meditate.
When we meditate, we're going to meditate
with certainty, wisdom.
Certainty, wisdom that which is free from doubt
and hesitation and skeptical.
Play, believe, free from the cloud of the doubt
and hesitation and skeptical
and then we meditate on that nature
and then really we can explore the horizons
of the great natures, abilities,
both external and internal.
So therefore, for those reasons, then it's so important,
so crucial to explore.
So now again, I go back to the two ego, eagles.
Firstly ego is what we start.
The two eagles, the self ego
and the phenomena ego or self ego.
Then I said self ego clinging
and the phenomena ego clinging.
So I added another word, clinging, clinging, two words.
Self ego clinging, phenomena ego clinging.
And where those eagles are, those two eagles are,
these two eagles are, self ego clinging
existing our own physicals or our own disaggregates.
And the phenomena ego clinging to all the object substances
or five objects, all these phenomena objects.
Another word.
So they are how we hold, how we cling.
When we're clinging, we're clinging without clear knowledge.
We're clinging without clear wisdom.
We're clinging with clear understanding.
We're clinging with presumptions.
We're not clinging because we see something as a quote.
No, it's just presumptions.
It's just kind of evolving in a way, expecting and whole thinking.
How is that?
And to what?
The phenomena ego, sorry, self ego clinging.
I said five objects.
In the teaching I said, they kind of, with all the investigating
and allied with presumptions of every sentient beings
are kind of holding ego eye or ego clinging
to the continuation, continuation and the combination
of the aggregates that all combine together.
We hold.
So that means we hold our ego with the continuation
of our mind, mind, and with the combination
or with the combined together of the aggregates.
That kind with chunk, that kind of heat, combined,
then we just hold without emulating.
That means we don't really clear understanding
with presumptions, thinking.
But that is not that versatile.
That is the ignorance.
That is the dullness.
That is kind of hoping, kind of wishful, you're hoping.
It's not really because there then we hold.
It's not just presumptions.
So therefore, in Buddhism, the greatest teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni, all those great masters say, explore.
Now because this eye is so important for us,
there's nothing more important than us,
unless you're very bodhisattva, then we do too many practices
and dagi yampa and dagi giva, or that we discuss it,
and you know those.
But otherwise, ego is so important.
It's standing firmly among all the groups, told and begun.
Within a hundred people, among the group, among them,
I am more important for me, is what say that.
And we kind of live more politely,
did that, or I'm more important for myself.
It's true.
But what that eye, where is that eye? Interesting.
That is exploring.
We do things all because I want happy.
I want help, peaceful.
And my, also then connected to the ego.
I, or my friend, my family member, my belong, my country, my this and that,
and then we just brave so many things.
Because the eye is now the center, ego is the center,
and there is so many kind of like mandalas,
ankarages of the mind, mind, mind.
There's so many things.
And then there is also, when we make that territory,
and there is also something that we are going to push back.
Those are the others.
Those are the opponents.
They are like difference.
They are not mine.
They are not God.
They are different.
Follow me, then.
Come with me. We sold out so many things there.
But reality level, where they are, where that exists.
And our reality level, now where is this eye?
Eye.
And for that reason, I'm not going to talk too many things.
You all know, know that in the teachings,
they pose a chair with the body, five undergears.
Among the five undergears is pose is what?
The pome aggregates.
We check that the way is my eye, or my ego, or me.
Where is me now?
Is with this body, pome aggregate, or with the outside,
or with between pome aggregate and out and in,
or between in and out.
Check every aspect, whatever there is a way that you can check.
That is known as in Buddhism, contemplating.
This is known as contemplating.
You're not just living as kind of blind and kind of covered up
and presumed and just like that kind of wish watch says.
Now, is it really?
Examine the timing of that.
You're trying to explore the deep of the truth,
where the truth is.
But it's, explore.
See, every aspect from the top, top of the head or the head,
all the way the truth or soul of peace, from right to left,
inside, everywhere.
Where?
And what the great Master Shanti Deva said.
But sharp weapon of the wisdom, well cut,
cut every aspect of the systems and find out where is I,
or where is this important ego.
If you look everywhere, there is no greater Masters,
no greater scholar of thought in Buddhism.
There is independent existing I at all.
But you don't have to believe.
We don't have to believe.
You can look through yourself.
Find out where is that.
Really?
Where is that?
When you don't find, then that is.
Where must be?
So that means, I, then ego, what is important,
is not in the physical forms.
Have you observed?
Then you look to other aggregates, feeling aggregates,
perception aggregates, consciousness aggregates,
or conceptual aggregates.
All those look one after another.
But those all are mind.
Simple is mind.
Mental state.
So where is the mind?
Actually, where is the ego existing?
In the mind.
In the past mind, ego is existing on the past mind,
or future mind, or person mind, or head, out there.
And that again, you look to that.
Again, if you look in search, that no one, even Buddha,
did not found I.
And all the greater Masters did not found.
There is no existing.
Independently existing.
I.
You can look.
A trained associate.
It's not just a kind of believing that,
following blindfold.
That's what great teacher Buddha said, don't do.
You are examined.
So now when you start to look to grow all that,
and even maybe the modern times,
machines, tools, whatever you can do,
really try to explore.
If you have the capability to do those high-tech companies
and try to explore.
If they try to find that.
When is it at home?
Then that is.
That is true.
That is known as then what?
It's known as when you don't find what it does,
it will release immediately the clinging of the ego.
It will at least soften the clinging of the ah.
And then that is when you really find,
you relax and that's this.
Then that is known as equalism is meditation.
That means maintaining.
What meditation means?
Make formulas.
What do you just call it?
You now make it more familiar.
It's not just that intellectually you understand how that's enough.
In Buddhism, you really have to bring tangible realization,
more stable realization.
So that is really explaining of the egolessness
or individual egolessness.
And then phenomena egos.
Again, phenomena ego is what?
That means what actually phenomena.
And the phenomena ego means we cling into everything.
We hold everything.
We hold every object.
Where we think again, we don't kind of like any analyzing
or any kind of clear knowledge.
We presume that that exists.
And where we think or it came like that from the beginning of this time.
We just really hold.
We put that nominations but it nominated that.
We combined with the name and the poem and the structure all together.
What that means?
Name means for example this table.
We call this table.
We all call this a table.
This table is a name.
This name and this formation is now combined together.
We call it a table.
And where we hold, it's kind of existing.
It truly existed, tangible existed.
Or we say building.
Building is a name.
Name.
But that is structural.
Structural, that formation.
That name and that structural combine together
and then we hold as a building.
It's true that.
But what we holding is we think is a kind of solid.
We think burning is kind of like building and solid.
It's terrible.
It's God.
It is that.
But reality now, what is this?
It's display according to this.
It's display of the interdependent, interdependence ordination.
Display.
That included ourselves too, our body, all this.
It's just display of interdependent.
Cause and condition, combined together
and then the arising things.
Medically within the space of the emptiness.
Within the emptiness.
So this building, for example, not just came
to this building from the beginning of this time.
It is so many things to make this building.
Smend, break, aisle, bar, bar
and then so many other things and levels.
And then also each of those have to be not just came solid.
It has so many things combined and all the way they produced,
the way they did and not just one is.
And all the group works of so many,
directly, indirectly, cause and condition formed this building.
This building.
And the building itself is like display of illusions.
It is like, in a way, it's a mirage house.
It's forming.
It's not really solid existence.
Solid.
Therefore, it has got old.
It got it declared.
It got damaged.
Because it's not solid.
It's combination.
There's nothing really too old as like a name with a poem
and then all that.
There's nothing such existing that means.
All is like, again, illusions.
And how that things are arising?
As I said, it's a magical display
of the interdependent ordinations.
Or arising through the interdependence and the connections.
Arising things.
Things is merely displays.
There's no substantially solid, permanent, existing, any of these.
These.
So there's nothing to be reclaimed in old as we hope.
So this is known as the absolute levels.
All is true.
So therefore, then what will things see?
And in the relative level, we see things are.
Are all magical disciplines.
Magical display of the interdependences.
And each of those interdependencies displayed is.
That moment is in a great emptiness state.
Great emptiness in an infinite state.
That moment.
That is subject is in that state.
Object is in that state.
That is.
So that is about the religion in the Buddha's teaching.
Often measurement.
When you learn.
When you read.
When you're starting.
And that is not the study.
But when you're contemplating and trying to get tangible meaning as teaching.
So you meet something.
Kind of the meaning of those.
Those meaning.
And the clear understanding.
That is the contrapletions.
When is the contraplet of that?
Then you meditate.
That is maintaining.
Meditation is making familiar with the nature is.
Nature is.
Then all the techniques you received.
You can use.
Those are what in the teaching say.
Free from the like those.
With all the distractions.
And free from the scattered mind.
And darkness mind.
Maintain that.
That realization or that discovery of the contrapletions.
And be in that state.
So that is what according to the Buddha's teaching.
Is really about three verses.
And now I talk really about again more simple way.
When you are practicing this.
Simple practicing this.
And what is that?
That is again starting.
Contemplating.
And meditating.
So among that three poses.
You study me.
You receive the teaching.
From the teaching.
From the qualified teacher.
And you receive the teaching.
With respect and appreciation.
And observing that teaching.
With really your inner appreciation.
And as we've been discussing that.
So that is studying.
That is studying.
As you receive the teaching.
Now you just let that.
That's it.
But after that also your self rehearsing.
Rehearsing that teaching.
Trying to really make sure you understand everything.
To clearly perfectly.
Precisely that instruction.
Clearly instruction.
And have you kind of like.
Rehearsing in your mental state.
If there is some doubt and hesitation.
Ask again to the teacher.
Or to your done apprentice.
And try to clarify that.
Clarify.
So you got tangible understanding and knowledge.
And that is really a essential meaning.
Of contemplations.
Contemplators.
When you got that contemplation.
When you received.
Now then you begin to really meditate.
Then meditate in practices.
And why I am using the practice.
Because also meditation is not just a silent meditation.
In very inner teaching.
There is also virtualization meditation.
So that means you are also really meditating.
In a divine medallist.
Including yourself.
Self.
So that is also.
For that reason I am saying the practice.
But for the meditation.
So then you meditate.
Then through that.
Not just as you can meditate.
And with imagination.
But when you have clear understanding.
Or clear realization comes.
Comes.
Then that is known as.
Wisdom that comes from the meditation.
And really you shine.
Wisdom is really truly coming.
That means.
You see the meaning.
See the exact teaching.
That what you received the teaching.
And what you started and you contemplated.
And that and now the meditating.
Those all come together.
As lined up perfectly.
Beautifully.
And that is known as.
Wisdom marries.
So oh.
Wisdom.
Wisdom comes from the meditation.
And this through this.
Then we accomplishing.
Accomplishing two accumulations.
And generally what in the teaching say.
Two truths are in a union.
They are not two separate things.
As though maybe I already mentioned clearly that.
But two truths.
Absolute truth.
Relate truth.
They are not two separate things.
Like right and left.
They are all in the same states.
Two truths are union.
Therefore.
When we practice.
Two accumulations.
Or the scalable means.
Muslims are in the union.
When we practice the scalable means.
To accomplish in a union.
Or combined.
Together.
Without any separation.
Then.
We achieve the result.
As two kaia.
Also without any separations.
Two kaias.
What that means.
Again.
We discussed early.
Many times kaia.
But two kaias are dharma kaia and ropa kaia.
These two kaias are in the union.
Union.
So then.
You got perfect realization.
And what the individual said.
Here.
Denizunyo.
Oh yeah.
And used very well in the English.
The foundation of the two truths is union.
Part of the two accumulations in truth.
Result of the two kaias.
Are the union.
Union.
So again.
We have mixed up.
The two.
Best of the two truths is in the union.
And part of the two accumulations is in the union.
And the two result.
Result of the two kaias.
Are in the union.
Union.
They are not separated.
They are not true to the things.
All is in all.
That.
So.
And for those reasons.
Sometimes in the teaching make it.
And the apparent aspect of relative truth is real.
All.
Apparent aspect of the way things we see.
Is all relative truth.
The nature of the appearance is absolute truth.
Truth.
So therefore.
It is really unions.
And then skillful means and what's done by unions.
And that we discuss for six part of mothers.
We discuss that.
So six part of mothers.
All also in the union.
Even in one part of mother can combine.
Her contains all six part of mothers.
It's the union.
It's not something separate from that.
When you reach enlightenment, Buddha who?
And the realization of the two kaias.
Kaias even is making division.
Reality is the union in same sense.
You become simple to tell.
You reach the Buddha.
When you reach the Buddha who?
Then you throw your companion.
You display all those poems, emanations.
Or it will benefit for all living beings.
So that is really what is known as that.
That final kaias.
And that is my really talk about the three worst terms.
Worst term, the starting, contemplation, and what's called?
The meditations.
And then as I said the two egolessness said.
But there is many other Buddha teachings.
Really that is something highlighted.
You can exam.
You can analyze.
For example, a Buddha teaching mechanic.
For example, this is just already of course we say those things in teaching.
For example, all compounded things are impermanence.
All compounded things are impermanence.
And all emergent things are sufferings.
And all the phenomena exist are emptiness and egolessness.
Or empty of the egos.
And the nirvana, enlightenment is peaceful.
Those are known as the four famous topics of the Buddhas.
Buddhas, also you exam.
Really exam.
All compounded things are impermanent.
Commodity is marked.
All the molecules, all the elements come.
Whatever the particles, all combined to the things.
Whatever that is, it is not going to stay forever.
It's impermanent.
And it's not really even that instant when you're looking at that.
It's that instant changing.
It's completely changing.
So it's not impermanent.
All compounded things are impermanent.
That means the mountain, sun, star, earth, our subject and object.
All is a component because all is combined with many particles.
And how that comes?
That is known as what?
In the teaching, interdependent or ordination.
Or interdependent ordination.
Interdependence ordination.
Milly interdependent ordination display.
Or display of the merely interdependence ordination.
Milly.
That means it's just merely formed by depth.
The reality is there's no structure, solid.
It's old.
It's best in emptiness.
It's within emptiness.
It's going to dissolve in emptiness.
Emptiness.
Compounded.
You have to let the mind through that.
It's true or no?
All the emotions are sufferings.
That means emotions meet all this mind, negative emotions.
All these emotions.
Everything.
If things what they've loved it is.
It really is in the teaching.
That means all over the navy.
In other words, combination of the karma and emotions activity is challenged and difficult and
sufferings.
Those are in the teaching on the relative levels.
And then the truth.
Again, she is true or no?
She is true or no?
She is true.
All phenomena, there is no substantial solid existing.
That name, that form we created, everything we created,
the diluted mind created it, is not something came
from the ordinary that.
It's therefore, it's empty.
There is no existing identity or anything.
It's free from the identity, free from the existing of the solid.
Oh, that is what it is.
So really, thank you.
When the karma and the emotions are free, then it is peaceful.
With negative emotions and the activity
of that negative emotions when you're free,
then it is peaceful, peaceful, anything.
Kind of extending our wisdom to all the topics, all those areas,
and bring tangible certainty, wisdom in our heart and mind.
That is known as knowledge.
That is known as wisdom.
And through that, then you stand it firmly,
practice in the meditation.
Then really, it will get the realization.
And it advances.
Exactly what we discovered, you will see that.
You will discover that, and that is known as realization,
achievement of the spirituals.
So that is my brief talk for today.
And thank you very much, everyone, for participating.
And thank everyone, OK?
Then I have a short announcement, maybe,
that we won't have now for a while.
It's a talks back, but then it's a Monday step.
And then we're going to do this, but what's good is Monday?
Monday is the 10th day, right?
Tuesday.
What?
Is we're going to do the Zoom or no?
If you want to object, wonderful.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, then we do.
So we won't have anything for a while.
But this Tuesday, then Guru Mooji's days,
then again, we will do those who have time, of course,
during this weekday, and it's a walking day.
If we have time, please join us.
And then we do that, and then Guru Mooji practices.
Guru Mooji's days, so practice on that.
And then that-- and also, I just thought
to tell that our Dharma centers in the natural and Tennessee,
they are opening on the internet or the Zoom.
[INAUDIBLE]
practices every Tuesday, right?
Tuesday.
So if you can join that, it's really wonderful.
Practice on the [INAUDIBLE] practice
on the absolute Western practice.
Or what we're talking, [INAUDIBLE]
Western practices.
That's how we started, from the beginning, in Nathalieux.
Inexpressible and inconceivable, [INAUDIBLE]
absolute by nature, like the sky.
That's what we are really practicing.
And then, even though it's an absolute nature, all that,
but it cannot be.
It will recognize, but pristine cognition on its own,
awareness can recognize and realize.
That means it will bring the resistance to the wisdom
of the profound meaning of the absolute truth,
perceived and the clarity of all the Muslims
that will arise with this.
So this is the Heart Sutra practice.
It is really the heart of the old Pandya Paramata teachings
that Buddha gave.
And those are known as 100,000 strands of the Pandya Paramata
teachings that are combined on this Heart Sutra.
According to media TG...